Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

This approach definitely misleads us because Jill Stein and Grey Johnson are much more similar when compared to Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump who are very much different from each other.
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson mutually follow many people so they can be considered similar while Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump follow only one person in common and hence they cant be conidered similar.
We can use friend_overlap function only with Jill Stein and Gary Johnson and that is the only way to fix the solution.








2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


Magic Johnson is the man whom both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump follows because he is a supporter of Hillary Clinton and has business interest with Donald Trump.










3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?



Gary Johnson is less selective in following people and follows many so is not very much in sync with their tweets whereas Donald Trump follows very selective people and so is very well updated with the news of all the people he follows.
Following too many people increases the complexty of the analysis making it difficult for any type of analysis.





4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

